README.md, before:

# Assignment2
This is the repository for assignment 2 for Daniel and Lars 

The second pair assignment is a proposal for your Collaborative Research Project. It is an opportunity for you to layout your collaborative research paper question, justify why it is interesting, provide basic literature review (properly cited using BibTeX), and identify data sources/methodologies that you can access to help answer your question. You will also demonstrate your understanding of literate programming technologies. Deadline 23 October, 2,000 words maximum, 10% of final grade.

## Using: 
RStudio Team (2015). RStudio: Integrated Development for R. RStudio, Inc., Boston, MA URL http://www.rstudio.com/.

## Data:
Bundeskriminalamt: Grundtabelle - Kreise - Fallentwicklung - ausgewählte Straftaten/-gruppen (2013 und 2014)
http://www.bka.de/SharedDocs/Downloads/DE/Publikationen/PolizeilicheKriminalstatistik/2014/BKATabellen/FaelleLaenderKreiseStaedte/tb01__FaelleGrundtabelleKreiseFallentwicklung__csv,templateId=raw,property=publicationFile.csv/tb01__FaelleGrundtabelleKreiseFallentwicklung__csv.csv

Open Data Germany (https://www.govdata.de)
Data licence Germany – attribution – Version 2.0 (see: https://www.govdata.de/dl-de/by-2-0)

Commit message:

Modifications to the folder files.
New arrangements and orders

README.md, after:

# Assignment2
We establish a repocitory for Assignment 2. 

Authors: Lars Mehwald and Daniel Salgado Moreno
Seminar: Introduction to Collaborative Social Science Data Analysis
Assignment 2: Research Proposal 

Task: The second pair assignment is a proposal for your Collaborative Research Project. It is an opportunity for you to layout your collaborative research paper question, justify why it is interesting, provide basic literature review (properly cited using BibTeX), and identify data sources/methodologies that you can access to help answer your question. You will also demonstrate your understanding of literate programming technologies. Deadline 23 October, 2,000 words maximum, 10% of final grade.

##Content: 
This Repocitory includes following files and folders: 
A first try on data analysis using RStudio called FirstTry.R 
A folder with pdf files for the literature. 
A folder containing all data sets downloaded. 
A folder for all LATEX files. 
This README file.
A bib file with our references.


## Using: 
RStudio Team (2015). RStudio: Integrated Development for R. RStudio, Inc., Boston, MA URL http://www.rstudio.com/.

## Data:
Bundeskriminalamt: Grundtabelle - Kreise - Fallentwicklung - ausgewählte Straftaten/-gruppen (2013 und 2014)
http://www.bka.de/SharedDocs/Downloads/DE/Publikationen/PolizeilicheKriminalstatistik/2014/BKATabellen/FaelleLaenderKreiseStaedte/tb01__FaelleGrundtabelleKreiseFallentwicklung__csv,templateId=raw,property=publicationFile.csv/tb01__FaelleGrundtabelleKreiseFallentwicklung__csv.csv

Open Data Germany (https://www.govdata.de)
Data licence Germany – attribution – Version 2.0 (see: https://www.govdata.de/dl-de/by-2-0)
